User Privacy Notice
In our User Privacy Notice we have compiled all essential information about our handling of your personal data and your corresponding rights for you.

This User Privacy Notice is effective from July 30, 2019. You can view the previous User Privacy Notice here.

Expand all
1.   Scope and updates of this User Privacy Notice
This User Privacy Notice applies to your use of this website and all eBay applications, services (including payment services), products and tools (collectively the "Services"), regardless of how you access or use these Services, including access via mobile devices and apps.

Learn more
 
Controller2. Controller
Which eBay company is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of the Services depends on how you use our Services.

2.1 Use of the Services
The following eBay company is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of our Services (except payment services for sellers, see below under Use of the payment services for sellers), depending on the region in which you are located:

USA: eBay Inc., 2025 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125, USA
Canada: eBay Canada Limited, 500 King Street West, Suite 200, Toronto, ON M5V 1L9, Canada
EU: eBay GmbH, Albert-Einstein-Ring 2-6, 14532 Kleinmachnow, Germany. If you use the eBay Customer Guarantee offered in France, Italy or Spain, eBay Services S.à r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg is responsible for data processing with regard to this particular service
United Kingdom: eBay (UK) Limited, 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom
India: eBay Singapore Services Private Limited, 10 Collyer Quay, #10-01 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 049315
For all other countries: eBay Marketplaces GmbH, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland
2.2 Use of the payment services for sellers
The following eBay company is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of our payment services to sellers, depending on which region you are located in and whether we provide our payment services there:

USA: eBay Commerce Inc., 2025 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125, USA
EU: eBay S.à r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg
 
Data protection officer and contact3.  Data protection officer and contact
In those countries where we are required to do so by law, we have appointed data protection officers to oversee the protection of your personal data. If you have any questions about this User Privacy Notice or about data protection at eBay in general, you can contact the data protection officer responsible for your country at any time. You will find the contact details of your data protection officer in the list of our data protection officers in our eBay Privacy Center.

Furthermore, if you have any questions or complaints regarding this User Privacy Notice, our global privacy standards (see section 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Inc. corporate family members under section 6. International data transfers below) or our handling of personal data, you can also contact the eBay Privacy Team or the controller who is responsible for the processing of your personal data at any time (for further information, see Controller above). This applies regardless of whether we have appointed a data protection officer in your country or not. You can find all necessary information and contact details including a contact form in our eBay Privacy Center.

 
What personal data we collect and process4.  What personal data we collect and process  
We collect your personal data when you use our Services, create a new eBay account, provide us with information via a web form, add or update information in your eBay account, participate in online community discussions or otherwise interact with us. We also collect personal data from other sources (such as other eBay Inc. corporate family members or credit agencies or bureaus).

Learn more
 
Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients
5.  Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients
We process your personal data for various purposes and pursuant to various legal bases. We process your personal data primarily to provide and improve our Services, to provide you with a personalized user experience on this website, to contact you about your eBay account and our Services, to provide customer service, to provide you with personalized advertising and marketing communications, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activity. We also share your information with third parties for these purposes.

Learn more
 
International Data Transfers6.  International data transfers  
Some recipients of your personal data are located outside your country or have offices in countries where data protection laws may provide a different level of protection than the laws in your country. When transferring personal data to such recipients, we provide appropriate safeguards.

Learn more
 
Storage duration and erasure7.  Storage duration and erasure  
Your personal data will be stored by us and our service providers in accordance with applicable data protection laws to the extent necessary for the processing purposes set out in this User Privacy Notice (see Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients for more information on the processing purposes). Subsequently, we will delete your personal data in accordance with our data retention and deletion policy or take steps to properly render the data anonymous, unless we are legally obliged to keep your personal data longer (e.g. for tax, accounting or auditing purposes). In Europe, the retention periods are generally between 6 and 10 years (e.g. for contracts, notifications and business letters). As far as legally permissible or required, we restrict the processing of your data instead of deleting it (e.g. by restricting access to it). This applies in particular to cases where we may still need the data for the execution of the contract or for the assertion of or defense against legal claims. In these cases, the duration of the restriction of processing depends on the respective statutory limitation or retention periods. The data will be deleted after the relevant limitation or retention periods have expired.

Learn more
 
Rights as a data subject
8.  Rights as a data subject
 
Subject to possible restrictions under national law, as a data subject, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and data portability with regard to your personal data. In addition, you can withdraw your consent and object to our processing of your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests. You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

Learn more
Exercising your rights and managing your settings
 
Cookies & similar sechnologies9.  Cookies & similar technologies  
When you use our Services, we and selected third parties may use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better, faster and safer user experience or to show you personalized advertising. Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device when you use the Services. You can find detailed information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and your choices in our User Cookie Notice.

Learn more
Your choices regarding cookies
 
Data security10.  Data security  
We protect your personal data through technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with data loss, misuse, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure and alteration. To this end we use firewalls and data encryption, for example, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and authorization controls for data access. You can find further information on data security in our Security Center.

 
11.  Other important information regarding data protection
This section contains important additional information about the protection of personal data in connection with the use of our Services, including whether you are required to provide personal data.

Learn more
Previous privacy policy