If you are a US resident, this Privacy Policy shall apply.

If you are a user having your usual residence in the EU, this Privacy Policy shall apply.

If you are a user having your usual residence in Germany, this Privacy Policy shall apply.

If your are a user having your usual residence in Russia, this Privacy Policy shall apply.

If your residence is in another country, and not the US or EU, this Privacy Policy shall apply.



Privacy Policy
(If you are a US resident)

Last updated: February 2019


Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”). The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Inc. (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy covers the experience we provide for users age 13 and over on our Platform. For information about our under-13 experience (“Children’s Platform”) and our practices in the United States regarding children’s privacy, please refer to our Privacy Policy for Younger Users.

Capitalized terms that are not defined in this policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Service.


What information do we collect?
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform, such as your contact details, content you create, and your location. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform. We also collect information contained in the messages you send through our Platform and information from your phone book, if you grant us access to your phone book on your mobile device.

Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:

Registration information, such as age, language, and email or phone number
Profile information, such as name, social media account information, and profile image
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, videos, and virtual item videos that you choose to upload or broadcast on the Platform (“User Content”)
Payment information, such as PayPal or other third-party payment information (where required for the purpose of payment)
Your phone and social network contacts, with your permission. If you choose to find other users through your phone contacts, we will access and collect the names and phone numbers and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social contacts
Your opt-in choices and communication preferences
Information to verify an account such as a form of identification
Information in correspondence you send to us
Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, sweepstakes, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.


Information we obtain from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you choose to link or sign up using your social network (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google), we may collect information from these third-party services, including your contact lists for these services and information relating to your use of the Platform in relation to these services.

We will also receive information about you (including age data and demographic information) from third parties (such as advertising networks and analytics providers) and from other sources, including business directories and other commercially or publicly available sources.


Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address, location-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), Cookies (as defined below), your mobile carrier, time zone setting, and mobile or device information including the model of your device, screen resolution, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.

Usage Information
We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through and broadcast on our Platform. We also link your subscriber information with your activity on our Platform across all your devices using your email, phone number, or similar information.



Location data
We collect information about your location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data.



Messages
We collect and process, which includes scanning and analyzing, information you provide in the context of composing, sending, or receiving messages through our Service's messaging functionality. That information includes the content of the message and information about when the message has been sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants of the communication. Please be aware that messages sent to other users of our Service will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or disclose messages.

Metadata
When you upload User Content, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content. Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content that will not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your User Content the metadata can describe how, when, and by whom the piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back the video to your user account. Additionally, metadata will consist of data that you chose to provide with the video, e.g. any hashtags used to mark keywords to the video and captions.



Cookies
We and our vendors and service providers use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve our services, and provide you with targeted advertising on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. By using the Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies.

Additionally, we allow our business partners, advertising networks, and other advertising vendors and service providers (including analytics vendors and service providers) to collect information about your online activities through Cookies. We link your contact or subscriber information with your activity on our Platform across all your devices, using your email or other log-in or device information. These third parties may use this information to display advertisements on our Platform and elsewhere online tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.



How we use your information
We use your information to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service, to improve and administer the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.

We generally use the information we collect:

to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback
to customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or interacted with
to send promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development
to measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver targeted advertising
to make suggestions and a customized ad experience
to support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through the Platform and for you and other users to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform
to use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law)
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
to announce you as a winner of our contest, sweepstakes, or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content
to inform our algorithms
to combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.


How we share your information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect. We will share your information with the following selected third parties:

Authorized third-party vendors and service providers. We share your information with third-party vendors and service providers that help us perform our business operations, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, contest administration, technology services, deliveries, email deployment, advertising, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, marketing, and data processing.
Business partners. We may share your information with our business partners so that we can make you special offers via the Platform.
Corporate group. We may share your information with a parent, subsidiary, or other affiliate of our corporate group.
Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Legal purposes. We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of TikTok Inc, our affiliates, users, or the public.
Advertisers. We give advertisers reports about the types of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing.
With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.


If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, to login to the Platform or to share information about your usage on the Platform with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Platform, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies.

If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while engaging. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.



Your Choices
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
You can manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by clicking here and by utilizing the choices available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and www.aboutads.info/choices.
Your mobile device may include a feature that allows you to opt out of some types of targeted advertising ("Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS and "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" on Android).
You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by utilizing the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.
You can switch off GPS location information functionality on your mobile device if you do not wish to share GPS information.
If you have registered for an account you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
Some browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.


Security
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.



Children
The privacy of users under the age of 13 (“Younger Users”) is important to us. We provide a separate experience for Younger Users in the United States on the Children’s Platform, in which we collect only limited information. For more information on our United States data collection practices for Younger Users, please visit the Privacy Policy for Younger Users.

The Platform otherwise is not directed at children under the age of 13. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 13 we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account. If you believe that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13 on the Platform, please contact us at privacy@tiktok.com.



California Residents
Once a calendar year, you may be entitled to obtain information about personal information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information, as well as the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to privacy@tiktok.com.

Users of the Platform who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of User Content they posted by emailing us at privacy@tiktok.com. All requests must be labeled "California Removal Request" on the email subject line. All requests must provide a description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, and we may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. For example, materials that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third party.



Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.



Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:

TikTok Inc. Address: Attn: TikTok Legal Department 10100 Venice Blvd, Suite 401, Culver City, CA 90232, USA
Email Address: privacy@tiktok.com


Privacy Policy
(If you are a user having your usual residence in the EU)

Last updated: October 2019



Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”). The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Inc. or TikTok Pte. Ltd. (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”).

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.

If you have any questions about how we use your personal data, please contact privacy@tiktok.com.

Our representative in the European Union is Bytedance UK Limited, Aviation House, 125 Kingsway Holborn, London, WC2B 6NH.

To see the full Privacy Policy, click here.

SUMMARY
What information do we collect about you?
We collect and process information you give us when you create an account and upload content to the Platform. This includes technical and behavioural information about your use of the Platform. We also collect information about you if you download the app and interact with the Platform without creating an account. For more information, click here.

How will we use the information about you?
We use your information to provide the Platform to you and to improve and administer it. Where it is in our legitimate interests, we use your information to, among other things, improve and develop the Platform and ensure your safety. In each case where we have your consent, we will also use your personal information to serve you targeted advertising and promote the platform. For more information, click here.

Who do we share your information with?
We share your data with third party service providers who help us to deliver the Platform including cloud storage providers. We also share your information with business partners, other companies in the same group as TikTok Inc, content moderation services, measurement providers, advertisers and analytics providers. Where required by law, we will share your information with law enforcement agencies or regulators and with third parties pursuant to a legally binding court order. For more information, click here.

Your Rights
In certain circumstances, you have rights in relation to your information such as the right to deletion, the right to access and the right of portability. For more information, click here.

How long do we keep hold of your information?
We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only as long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or where we are subject to a legal obligation to retain the data. We will also retain your data if necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. For more information, click here.

How will we notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy?
We will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy through a notice on our Platform. However, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect, use and process it. For more information, click here.

***********************************************************************************************

1. The types of personal data we use
We collect and use the following information about you:

Your Profile Information. You give us information when you register on the Platform, including your username, date of birth, email address and/or telephone number, information you disclose in your user profile and your photograph or profile video.

User Content and Behavioural Information. We process the content you generate on the Platform, including preferences you set (such as choice of language), photographs and videos you upload and comments you make (“User Content”). We collect information through surveys, challenges and competitions in which you participate. We also collect information regarding your use of the Platform, e.g. how you engage with the Platform, including how you interact with content we show to you, the ads you view, videos you watch and problems encountered, the content you like, the content you save to ‘My Favourites’ and the users you follow. We also infer your preferences, including your interests, gender and age for the purpose of personalising content. We process information about your followers, the likes you receive and responses to content you upload, for the purposes of promoting your content to other users and exploring whether your profile presents further opportunities for collaboration. If you have consented, we will use this information for the purpose of serving personalised advertising. We will also process your personal data in order to tell you about services and opportunities.

Information from Third Parties. You may choose to share certain data with us from third parties or through your use of the Platform, we may collect such third party data automatically. We have set out further detail on the information we receive from third parties below:

Business Partners

If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network account details (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. For further information on sharing your Facebook contact list with us, please see Find other users and invite your friends.

Advertisers and Advertising Networks

We use the information collected from you, and your interaction with the Platform and other third party sites, to infer your likely interests to provide you with more relevant advertising. This information tells us about websites you've visited, apps you've downloaded and purchases you have made so that we can predict what else might interest you in the future and assess how effective the advertising on our Platform is. We collect this information by the use of Cookies and similar technologies on our App and from similar information received from third parties who advertise on our Platform and whose sites you visit.

Technical Information we collect about you. We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform including when you are using the App without an account. Such information includes your IP address, browsing history (i.e. the content you have viewed on the Platform), mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifier for advertising purposes and the version of the app you are using. We will also collect information regarding the device you are using to access the Platform such as the model of your device, the device system, network type, device ID, your screen resolution and operating system. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices.

Location. We use the 'Region' you select in Settings to customise your TikTok experience. When you use the Platform on a mobile device, we will collect information about your location. In certain jurisdictions, with your permission, we will collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data and mobile device location information. If you do not wish to share your precise location with us, you can switch off location services via the settings on your mobile device.

Find other users and invite your friends. You can choose whether to find other users of the Platform using our 'Find Friends' function. This functionality allows you to see which of your friends from either your telephone's contact list or Facebook friends list is using the Platform and offers you the option to follow them. You can also use this function to invite your contacts to join you on the Platform. We will use the contact information you have for that person, either from within your telephone's contact list or Facebook friends list and give you the option to send them either an SMS, email or third party message (such as Whatsapp, Facebook (including Facebook Messenger) or Twitter) inviting them to view your TikTok profile.

Buy coins. If you buy coins via in-app purchases, please note the provisions of our Virtual Items Policy. Your purchase will be made via your Apple iTunes or Google Play account. We do not collect any financial or billing information from you in relation to such a transaction. Please review the relevant app store's terms and notices in respect of the handling of such data. So that we can credit your account with the correct value in coins, we keep a record of the purchases you make, the time at which you make those purchases and the amount spent.

2. Cookies
We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. pixels etc.) (“Cookies”) to enhance your experience using the Platform. Cookies are used to collect information, including personal data, from you. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable us to provide certain features and functionality. To learn more about cookies please see our Cookies Policy.

3. How we use your personal data
We will use the information we collect about you in the following ways:

In accordance with, and to perform our contract with you, we will use your information to:
notify you about changes to our service;
provide you with user support;
enforce our terms, conditions and policies;
administer the Platform including troubleshooting;
personalise the content you receive and provide you with tailored content that will be of interest to you;
enable you to share User Content and interact with other users;
enable our messenger service to function if you choose to use this function;
enable you to participate in the virtual items program; and
communicate with you.
In order to comply with our legal obligations, we use your data to help us detect abuse, fraud and illegal activity on the Platform;
In accordance with our legitimate interests to provide an effective and dynamic Platform, we will use your information to:
ensure your safety and security including reviewing user content, messages and associated metadata for breach of our Community Guidelines and other inappropriate content;
ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
improve, promote and develop the Platform and promote popular topics, hashtags and campaigns on the Platform;
carry out data analysis and test the Platform to ensure its stability and security;
allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform;
to enable you to socialise on the Platform, for example, by allowing other users to identify you via the "Find other friends" function or through their phone contacts;
to ensure that you are old enough to use our Platform (as required by law).
With your consent, we will use your information to:
provide you with personalised advertising. Please see Information from Third Parties: Advertisers and Advertising Networks for more information. You can manage 'Personalized Ads' via your App settings, go to 'Privacy and safety' and then go to 'Personalization and data'; and
provide you with location-based services (where those services are available in your jurisdiction and you choose to share your precise location with us).
4. How we share your personal data
We share your data with the following selected third parties:

Business Partners

If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network account details (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL.

Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the video, username and accompanying text will be shared on that platform or, in the case of sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the content will be shared.

Payment Providers

If you choose to Buy Coins, we will share data with the relevant payment provider to facilitate this transaction. We share a transaction ID to enable us to identify you and credit your account with the correct value in coins once you have made the payment.

Service Providers

We provide information and content to service providers who support our business, such as cloud service providers and providers of content moderation services to ensure that the Platform is a safe and enjoyable place.

Analytics providers

We use analytics providers to help us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform. Our third party analytics providers also help us serve targeted adverts (if you have chosen to receive personalized advertising from us and/ or our partners). For more information about how our analytics providers collect data from the Platform, please see our Cookies Policy.

Advertisers and Advertising Networks

We share information with advertisers and third party measurement companies to show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an advertisement. We share your device ID with measurement companies so that we can link your activity on the Platform with your activity on other websites; we then use this information to show you adverts which may be of interest to you.

Our Corporate Group

We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, to provide the Platform including improving and optimising the Platform, preventing illegal use and supporting users.

Law Enforcement

We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if legally required to do so, or based on our legitimate business interests if such use is reasonably necessary to:

comply with legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
Public Profiles

Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in 'Manage my account' settings.

Sale or Merger

We will also disclose your information to third parties:

in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets (whether a result of liquidation, bankruptcy or otherwise), in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
5. Where we store your personal data
The personal data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").

Where we transfer your personal data to countries outside the EEA, we do so under the Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e. standard contractual clauses) pursuant to 2004/915/EC or 2010/87/EU (as appropriate). For a copy of these Standard Contractual Clauses, please contact us at privacy@tiktok.com.

6. Your Rights
You have the following rights:

The right to request free of charge (i) confirmation of whether we process your personal data and (ii) access to a copy of the personal data retained;
The right to request proper rectification or removal of your personal data or restriction of the processing of your personal data;
Where processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal;
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions, including profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly significantly affects you unless we have your consent, this is authorised by Union or Member State law or this is necessary for the performance of a contract;
The right to object to processing if we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which may override your right. If you object to such processing, we ask you to state the grounds of your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing;
The right to object to processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; and
The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.

Please send an e-mail to us if you would like to exercise any of your rights privacy@tiktok.com.

7. The security of your personal data
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.

We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.

We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.

8. How long we keep your personal data
We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for longer in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

After you have terminated your use of our Platform, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format.

9. Information relating to children
TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 13. If you believe that we have personal data about or collected from a child under the relevant age, please contact us at privacy@tiktok.com.

10. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the first instance at privacy@tiktok.com and we will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the relevant data protection authority.

11. Changes
We will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, through a notice provided via the Platform. However, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform.

12. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to privacy@tiktok.com.