Welcome to the Verizon Media Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 2020

About Verizon Media
Verizon Media, previously known as Oath, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Verizon. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other brands.

We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy or legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL) still apply to your account. For Verizon Media products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.

Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Verizon Media’, it means Oath, Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Verizon Media collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.

This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Verizon Media, its affiliates and its house of global brands (“Verizon Media,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Verizon Media brands, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in Details for Specific Products and Services.

Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at Privacy Controls. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (See, Details for Specific Products and Services)

Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Verizon Media are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services. We may collect and combine information when you interact with Verizon Media Services information outlined below:

Information You Provide to Us. We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:

When you create an account with an Verizon Media Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Verizon Media may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.

When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).

Verizon Media analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.

When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Verizon Media software such as plugins.

When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.

Device Information. We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as IP address, cookie information, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use. 

Location Information. We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our Locations page and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.

Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.

We collect information when you access content, advertising, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Verizon Media data collection technologies (such as web beacons, development tools, cookies and other technologies, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.

This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions. 

Information from Others. We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as: 

When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).

From publicly-available sources.

From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.

When we obtain information from third-parties or other companies, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us. 

We may also receive information from Verizon and will honor the choices Verizon customers have made about the uses of this information when we receive and use this data.

How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes: 

Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.

Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts photos, attachments, and other communications). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Verizon Media account by using Privacy Controls. 

Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you. 

Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.

Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide targeted advertising based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.

Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which you can also control. 

Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Verizon Media Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID. 

Carry out or support promotions.

Conduct research and support innovation. 

Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third-parties and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.

Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your location settings.

Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other companies, such as your activities on other sites and apps.

Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.

We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your account information, manage your marketing preferences, or opt out of targeted ads. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you. 

If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Verizon Media shares information within its affiliated brands and companies and with Verizon. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with third-party apps and widgets). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Verizon Media unless one of the following circumstances applies:

With Your Consent. We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Verizon Media when we have your consent. 

With Verizon. As part of Verizon, Verizon Media and its affiliates may, to the extent permitted by law and consistent with user controls, share information with Verizon and Verizon affiliates. This information will be used consistent with Verizon’s privacy policy.  

Within Verizon Media. Information may also be shared within Verizon Media, including with other Verizon Media Services and affiliates. Verizon Media affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.

With Partners. We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:

Trusted Partners. We provide user information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Verizon Media based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures. Learn more. 

Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information). We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information is information like name or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies. 

When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies. 

We allow other companies that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Like many companies, we may allow cookie matching with select partners. But, these parties are not authorized to access Verizon Media cookies.

For Legal and Other Purposes. We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the Terms; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Verizon Media, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.

This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we evaluate and respond to these requests. 

New Ownership. If the ownership or control of all or part of Verizon, Verizon Media or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner. 

Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Verizon Media Services are included here.

Information Security and Data Retention
Verizon Media has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.  

To learn more about security, including the steps we have taken and steps you can take, please read Security at Verizon Media.

Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have an Verizon Media Family Account. Visit Children's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children’s privacy at Verizon Media.

Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.  We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Verizon Media may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our Legal bases page for more information.

Data Processing and Transfers

When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside. 

Verizon Media processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK and transfers that information from the EU/EEA/UK through various compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the European Commission’sA Standard Contractual Clauses. By using our Services, you consent to us transferring information about you to these countries. For more information, please visit our Data Transfer page.

The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.

Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Verizon Media. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Verizon Media does not own or control, or to people that Verizon Media does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy. 

Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.

Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:

Verizon Media
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
701 First Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089

If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Verizon Media EMEA, 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland.

Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at GDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie, or by post at:

MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Tel: +353 1 614 5000

Recent Versions

May 2018 - update to privacy notice;

October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change

October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases

Verizon Media California Privacy Rights
California residents have certain privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, also known as the CCPA. This notice provides a general overview of the privacy rights under the CCPA. Further, it applies generally to all of Verizon Media’s products and services. For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Verizon Media product or service you may interact with, please log into the Verizon Media Privacy Dashboard, accessible from the Verizon Media Privacy Policy. 

The CCPA defines certain terms in a particular manner that may differ from how those terms are used in everyday language. When these terms are used in this notice, they are used based on the definitions set forth in the CCPA. These terms are: “personal information”, “consumer”, “business purpose”, “commercial purpose”, “service provider”, “third party”, and “sale” or “sell”.
 
For purposes of this notice, Verizon Media may be referred to as “us”, “our” or “we” and Verizon Media’s consumer customers may be referred to as “you” or “your”.

Summary of CCPA Privacy Rights

The CCPA provides California consumers with the following five privacy rights. These rights are explained in further detail in the sections below. 

The right to know and the right to access the following for the preceding 12 month period: categories of personal information we collected, the categories of sources from which we collected personal information, the business or commercial purposes for which we collected personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and the pieces of personal information we have collected about you. 
The right to delete personal information that is not needed for specified purposes. 
The right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
The right to opt out of sale of your personal information.
Right to Know and Access

Under the CCPA, California consumers have the right to know and access the following information for the preceding 12 month period: 

the categories of personal information collected or used, disclosed for a business purpose, or otherwise shared; 
the business purposes for collecting or sharing personal information;
the commercial purposes for collecting or sharing personal information;
the categories of sources of personal information;
the categories of service providers to which personal information is disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to which personal information is shared; and
the specific pieces of personal information collected or used.
You may access this information by logging into the Verizon Media Privacy Dashboard, or you may contact us via email at california_privacy@verizonmedia.com.

We will need to verify your identity before we can fulfill your request. The verification process may vary depending on the nature of the request.

Categories of Personal Information: Verizon Media may collect, use, disclose for a business purpose, or otherwise share different categories of personal information depending on the product or service. You may locate the specific categories of personal information for each product or service by logging into the Verizon Media Privacy Dashboard.

Below is the full list of categories of personal information that Verizon Media may collect, use, disclose for a business purpose or otherwise share: identifiers (e.g., technical, financial, government identifiers); contact information; physical characteristics or description information; internet or electronic network activity information; geolocation information; commercial information; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information; biometric information; inferences, including advertising and content related inferences; medical information or health insurance information; professional or employment related information; education information; legally protected classifications; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated or linked with you.

Business Purposes: Verizon Media may share personal information with service providers for the following business purposes: auditing; security; debugging; short-term transient use; performing services on behalf of Verizon Media; research; and quality assurance and service improvements.

Commercial Purposes: Verizon Media may share personal information with third parties for the following commercial purposes: delivering content and ads; associating user activity; provide Verizon Media services; provide contextual advertising; provide targeted advertising; provide personalized content; fulfill user requests; user communication; provide location-based services; provide promotions; create analytics and reports for third parties; generating fees; and security and fraud prevention. 

Categories of Sources: Verizon Media collects personal information from the following categories of sources: Verizon Media websites and apps; external party websites and apps where Verizon Media technologies serves content or ads or measurement; third party data partners; Verizon Media analytics services; and websites, apps or other public sources.

Categories of Service Providers: Verizon Media may share personal information for a business purpose with the following categories of service providers: analytics providers; social button providers; application providers; advertising partners; content providers; game developers; payment providers; search partners; voice and digital assistant providers; and security partners.

Categories of Third Parties: Verizon Media may share personal information for a commercial purpose with the following categories of third parties: analytics providers; social button providers; application providers; advertising partners; content providers; game developers; payment providers; search partners; voice and digital assistant providers; and security partners.

Right to Delete

You may delete personal information we have collected about you by logging into the Verizon Media Privacy Dashboard.

If you have more than one registered account with Verizon Media (e.g., a Yahoo and an AOL account), you will need to log into the Verizon Media Privacy Dashboard for each registered account for which you wish to delete your personal information. 

If you do not have a registered account with Verizon Media, please refer to this help article about clearing your cookies. If you have further questions about deleting your personal information you may contact us via email at california_privacy@verizonmedia.com.

We will need to verify your identity before we can fulfill your request to delete. The verification process may vary depending on the nature of the request.

We will retain certain personal information in accordance with our records retention program and securely delete it at the end of the retention period, in order to: process customer payment transaction data (for billing and tax reasons); detect security incidents, fraud monitoring; debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; exercise free speech or exercise another right provided by law; comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act; engage in public or peer reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest; enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with Verizon Media; or comply with a legal obligation; comply with a legal obligation obligation; otherwise use personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.

Right to Not Be Discriminated Against

You have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any). Verizon Media does not and will not discriminate against you because you exercise any of the CCPA rights described here.  We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services, or provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services as a result of you exercising any CCPA rights described here.

Right to Opt Out of Sale

Verizon Media does not sell information that, on its own, identifies you, like your name or email address, without your permission. As outlined in our Privacy Policy, we do share other identifiers with partners for product, service and advertising reasons. Under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), some of our sharing activities may be considered a "sale" that you have a right to opt-out of. Depending on the services you use and the permissions you have granted us, Verizon Media may "sell" the following categories of information (as these categories are defined by the CCPA) to third parties: identifiers; contact information; physical characteristics or description information; internet or electronic network activity information; geolocation information; commercial information; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information; inferences, including advertising and content related inferences; professional or employment related information. You may locate the categories of personal information sold in the last 12 months for each product or service you use by logging into the Verizon Media Privacy Dashboard. 

Sharing this information allows us to provide the content and services you enjoy, helps our partners deliver better content and advertising, and keeps our services supported by our advertisers. If you opt out of sale, your experience may be impacted and content may become less interesting to you. 

To opt out of sale, access the "Do Not Sell My Info" control in the Verizon Media Privacy Dashboard. (Depending on the device or product you are using, access may require verification.)

CCPA Privacy Rights Choices Privacy Rights for Third Party Partners

Some of our third party partners may collect and share certain pieces of information from our visitors, such as device identifiers, cookies, advertising IDs, IP addresses and usage activity, so that our third party partners can deliver ads to you and conduct analysis about our services. Some of this type of information sharing may also be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. If you wish to opt out of this activity by third parties who offer CCPA opt outs, visit www.privacyrights.info Privacy Rights and follow their instructions for your browser or device.

You must opt out on each device and on each browser where you want your choice to apply.
If you clear cookies, your opt-out may also be cleared and you must opt out again where you want your choices to apply. 
Verizon Media does not maintain or control the opt-out mechanisms and settings described in this section and is not responsible for their operation. 
Exercising these choices does not prevent us from delivering contextual advertising, advertising to you based on data we have about you, conducting cross-device tracking for us to serve you first-party ads directly, or using information for non-targeted advertising purposes, such as measuring ad effectiveness, attribution and analytics.  
We may also still share some personal information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform functions such as measuring ad effectiveness, controlling how many times you see an ad, ad delivery, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, and/or reducing ad fraud. 
The choices described in this section may not opt you out of the use of previously collected and shared information or all interest-based advertising (such as that conducted on other sites). To learn more about interest-based advertising, please visit the DAA WebChoices opt-out tool. DAA